Custom port for test-proxy (#2664)
Azure/azure-sdk-tools: tools/test-proxy/Azure.Sdk.Tools.TestProxy/README.md

| http | 5000 |
| https | 5001 |

### Use custom port for http and https

> Use command line argument `http-port` and `https-port` to select a custom port to be used.
> 
> ```powershell
> test-proxy --http-port 1989 --https-port 1031
> ```
> 

Author: ```suggestion

#### Environment Variable

Set `ASPNETCORE_URLS` to define a custom port for either http or https (or both). Here are some examples:

```powershell
$env:ASPNETCORE_URLS="http://*:3331"  // Set custom port for http only
$env:ASPNETCORE_URLS="http://*3331;https://*:8881"  // set custom ports for both http and https
```

#### Input arguments

Use command line argument `http-port` and `https-port` to select a custom port to be used. This configuration will override the environment configuration.  For example, if the environment configuration sets both http and https ports and the argument `http-port` is used, then, only the https will be used from the env configuration, and the http will be set with input argument.

```powershell
test-proxy --http-port 1989 --https-port 1031
```

```

| http | 5000 |
| https | 5001 |

#### Environment Variable

Set `ASPNETCORE_URLS` to define a custom port for either http or https (or both). Here are some examples:

```powershell
$env:ASPNETCORE_URLS="http://*:3331"  // Set custom port for http only
$env:ASPNETCORE_URLS="http://*3331;https://*:8881"  // set custom ports for both http and https
```

#### Input arguments

> Use command line argument `http-port` and `https-port` to select a custom port to be used. This configuration will override the environment configuration.  For example, if the environment configuration sets both http and https ports and the argument `http-port` is used, then, only the https will be used from the env configuration, and the http will be set with input argument.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use command line argument `--urls` to bind to a non-default host and port. This configuration will override the environment configuration.  For example, to only bind to localhost http 5000, provide the argument `--urls http://localhost:9000`.
```

In the future, passing in a custom cert via a bound volume that contains your certificate will be a possibility as well.

For additional reading on this process for trusting SSL certs locally, feel free to read up [here.](https://devblogs.microsoft.com/aspnet/configuring-https-in-asp-net-core-across-different-platforms/) The afore-mentioned [docker specific readme](../docker/README.md) also has details that are relevant.

## Troubleshooting

### Visual Studio - Community edition

There's an issue with the Visual Studio Community edition. Use Enterprise to run locally.

### Windows IIS

> If you can't lauch the test proxy locally from Visual Studio, make sure [IIS is installed](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/aspnet/core/host-and-deploy/iis/development-time-iis-support?view=aspnetcore-6.0) in your local system.

Reviewer: Thank you for your debugging on these versioning issues Victor, super appreciate the detail.
